2.12 release notes (#6226)
scrapy/scrapy: docs/news.rst

    :class:`~scrapy.http.JsonResponse`, for responses with a `JSON MIME type
    <https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/#json-mime-type>`_.
    (:issue:`6069`, :issue:`6171`, :issue:`6174`)

-   The :class:`~scrapy.extensions.logstats.LogStats` extension now adds
    ``items_per_minute`` and ``responses_per_minute`` to the :ref:`stats
    <topics-stats>` when the spider closes.
    (:issue:`4110`, :issue:`4111`)

-   Added :setting:`CLOSESPIDER_PAGECOUNT_NO_ITEM` which allows closing the
    spider if no items were scraped in a set amount of time.
    (:issue:`6434`)

-   User-defined cookies can now include the ``secure`` field.
    (:issue:`6357`)

-   Added component getters to :class:`~scrapy.crawler.Crawler`:
    :meth:`~scrapy.crawler.Crawler.get_addon`,
    :meth:`~scrapy.crawler.Crawler.get_downloader_middleware`,
    :meth:`~scrapy.crawler.Crawler.get_extension`,
    :meth:`~scrapy.crawler.Crawler.get_item_pipeline`,
    :meth:`~scrapy.crawler.Crawler.get_spider_middleware`.
    (:issue:`6181`)

-   :ref:`Automatic throttling <topics-autothrottle>` can now be disabled for a
    specific slot via its ``throttle`` attribute.

>     (:issue:`6246`)

Author: We need to update this now, and change the wording (the previous wording is my fault).

-   If :setting:`SPIDER_LOADER_WARN_ONLY` is set to ``True``,
    :class:`~scrapy.spiderloader.SpiderLoader` does not raise
    :exc:`SyntaxError` but emits a warning instead.
    (:issue:`6483`, :issue:`6484`)

-   Added support for multiple-compressed responses (ones with several
    encodings in the ``Content-Encoding`` header).
    (:issue:`5143`, :issue:`5964`, :issue:`6063`)

-   Added support for multiple standard values in :setting:`REFERRER_POLICY`.
    (:issue:`6381`)

-   Added support for brotlicffi_ (previously named brotlipy_). brotli_ is
    still recommended but only brotlicffi_ works on PyPy.
    (:issue:`6263`, :issue:`6269`)

    .. _brotlicffi: https://github.com/python-hyper/brotlicffi

-   Added :class:`~scrapy.contracts.default.MetadataContract` that sets the
    request meta.
    (:issue:`6468`, :issue:`6469`)

-   :func:`scrapy.utils.httpobj.urlparse_cached` is now used in more places
    instead of :func:`urllib.parse.urlparse`.

>     (:issue:`6228`, :issue:`6229`)

Author: Maybe this fits better in the Improvements section below.

Release notes
=============

.. _release-2.12.0:

Scrapy 2.12.0 (unreleased)
--------------------------

> Highlights:

Author: I think we can drop the stats, getters and type hints. But I am also fine with the current content.

    :class:`~scrapy.http.JsonResponse`, for responses with a `JSON MIME type
    <https://mimesniff.spec.whatwg.org/#json-mime-type>`_.
    (:issue:`6069`, :issue:`6171`, :issue:`6174`)

-   The :class:`~scrapy.extensions.logstats.LogStats` extension now adds
    ``items_per_minute`` and ``responses_per_minute`` to the :ref:`stats
    <topics-stats>` when the spider closes.
    (:issue:`4110`, :issue:`4111`)

-   Added :setting:`CLOSESPIDER_PAGECOUNT_NO_ITEM` which allows closing the
    spider if no items were scraped in a set amount of time.
    (:issue:`6434`)

-   User-defined cookies can now include the ``secure`` field.
    (:issue:`6357`)

-   Added component getters to :class:`~scrapy.crawler.Crawler`:
    :meth:`~scrapy.crawler.Crawler.get_addon`,
    :meth:`~scrapy.crawler.Crawler.get_downloader_middleware`,
    :meth:`~scrapy.crawler.Crawler.get_extension`,
    :meth:`~scrapy.crawler.Crawler.get_item_pipeline`,
    :meth:`~scrapy.crawler.Crawler.get_spider_middleware`.
    (:issue:`6181`)

-   :ref:`Automatic throttling <topics-autothrottle>` can now be disabled for a
    specific request via its :reqmeta:`autothrottle_dont_adjust_delay` meta
    key.

>     (:issue:`6246`, :issue:`6527`)

Author: Let me give this a go…

Author: ```suggestion
-   Slot delay updates by the :ref:`AutoThrottle extension 
    <topics-autothrottle>` based on response latencies can now be disabled for 
    specific requests via the :reqmeta:`autothrottle_dont_adjust_delay` meta
    key.
    (:issue:`6246`, :issue:`6527`)
```
